Title: Liberty All-Star® Growth Fund, Inc. March 2026 Monthly Update

Date: 2026-04-14 21:29

URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/liberty-star-growth-fund-inc-212900615.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict BOSTON, April 14, 2026 --( BUSINESS WIRE )--Below is the March 2026 Monthly Update for the Liberty All-Star Growth Fund, Inc. (NYSE: ASG). Liberty All-Star Growth Fund, Inc. Ticker: ASG Monthly Update, March 2026 Investment Approach: Fund Style: All-Cap Growth Fund Strategy: Combines three growth style investment managers, each with a distinct capitalization focus (small-, mid- and large-cap) selected and continuously monitored by the Fund’s Investment Advisor. Investment Managers: Congress Asset Management Company, LLP* Small-Cap Growth Congress Asset Management Company, LLP Mid-Cap Growth Westfield Capital Management Company, L.P. Large-Cap Growth *Replaced Weatherbie Capital, LLC effective April 1, 2026. Top 20 Holdings at Month-End: (36.4% of equity portfolio) 1 NVIDIA Corp. 4.6% 2 Apple, Inc. 2.8% 3 Microsoft Corp. 2.3% 4 Alphabet, Inc. 2.2% 5 Amazon.com, Inc. 1.9% 6 FirstService Corp. 1.9% 7 Curtiss-Wright Corp. 1.8% 8 Ollie’s Bargain Outlet Holdings, Inc. 1.7% 9 Casella Waste Systems, Inc. 1.6% 10 AAR Corp. 1.6% 11 Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. 1.5% 12 Legence Corp. 1.5% 13 Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. 1.4% 14 Artivion, Inc. 1.4% 15 Ascendis Pharma A/S 1.4% 16 nVent Electric PLC 1.4% 17 Tapestry, Inc. 1.4% 18 Eli Lilly & Co. 1.4% 19 Quanta Services, Inc. 1.3% 20 Casey’s General Stores, Inc. 1.3% Holdings are subject to change. Monthly Performance: Performance NAV Market Price Discount Beginning of month value $5.69 $5.13 -9.8% End of month value $5.34 $4.75 -11.0% Performance for month -6.15% -7.41% Performance year-to-date -6.77% -8.31% Net Assets at Month-End ($millions): Total $337.9 Equities $328.1 Percent Invested 97.1% Sector Breakdown* (% of equity portfolio): Information Technology 28.5% Industrials 27.9% Consumer Discretionary 14.9% Health Care 12.8% Financials 7.3% Communication Services 4.9% Real Estate 1.9% Consumer Staples 1.3% Energy 0.5% Total Market Value 100.0% *Based on Standard & Poor's and MSCI Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS). New Holdings: Cheniere Energy, Inc. Diamondback Energy, Inc. Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. IPG Photonics Corp. Micron Technology, Inc. Solaris Energy Infrastructure, Inc. Teradyne, Inc. Holdings Liquidated: AbbVie, Inc. Compass, Inc. Danaher Corp. Pure Storage, Inc. Vertex, Inc. The net asset value (NAV) of a closed-end fund is the market value of the underlying investments (i.e., stocks and bonds) in the Fund’s portfolio, minus liabilities, divided by the total number of Fund shares outstanding. However, the Fund also has a market price; the value at which it trades on an exchange. If the market price is above the NAV the Fund is trading at a premium. If the market price is below the NAV the Fund is trading at a discount. Performance returns for the Fund are total returns, which includes dividends, and are net of management fees and other Fund expenses. Returns are calculated assuming that a shareholder reinvested all distributions. Past performance cannot predict future investment results. Performance will fluctuate with changes in market conditions. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data shown. Performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of taxes that shareholders would pay on Fund distributions or the sale of Fund shares. Shareholders must be willing to tolerate significant fluctuations in the value of their investment. An investment in the Fund involves risk, including loss of principal. Sources of distributions to shareholders may include ordinary dividends, long-term capital gains and return of capital. The final determination of the source of all distributions in 2026 for tax reporting purposes will be made after year end. The actual amounts and sources of the amounts for tax reporting purposes will depend upon the Fund’s investment experience during its fiscal year and may be subject to changes based on tax regulations. Based on current estimates no portion of the distributions consist of a return of capital. These estimates may not match the final tax characterization (for the full year’s distributions) contained in shareholder 1099-DIV forms after the end of the year. All data is as of March 31, 2026 unless otherwise noted. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260414944916/en/ Contacts Liberty All-Star ® Growth Fund, Inc. 1-800-241-1850 www.all-starfunds.com libinfo@alpsinc.com Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
