Title: JPMorgan's Dimon talks recession prep, cybersecurity, private credit

Date: 2026-04-14 18:17

URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/jpmorgans-dimon-talks-recession-prep-cybersecurity-private-credit-181758819.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict JPMorgan ( JPM ) CEO Jamie Dimon spoke on the company's earnings call about being prepared in case of a recession, AI, cybersecurity, and private credit. cyber, you know, we've been talking about cyber risk for a long time. In fact, I think I said in the Chairman's letter, it's our largest risk. Every industry is different. So in context, I think JPMorgan is very well protected. We spend a lot of money, we've got top experts, we're in constant contact with the government, we're constantly updating things. And I put and but AI has made it worse. It's made it harder. Of course, we read about mythos, which we're testing now and looking at. and it does create, you know, additional vulnerabilities and maybe down the road, you know, better ways to strengthen yourself too. But the cyber risk isn't isolated to banks, you know, it's like you can look at any almost any industry and also banks of course are attached to exchanges and all these other things that create uh other layers of risk which, you know, we work with a lot of people to protect themselves. So, it is a complex one, and it's a full-time job and we're doing it all the time and uh while we're trying to get the benefits of AI, we also are very cognitive of the risk of cyber. I think the government is aware of it too. And remember you have cyber criminals, you have cyber states, you have cyber, uh, everywhere, and that's why that's why you have to be quite careful. Private credit, leverage lending is like 1.7 trillion. I owe bonds and what something like 1.7 trillion. Bank syndicated leverage loans like 1.7 trillion, investment grade debts 13 trillion, mortgage debts like 13 trillion. And there's a lot of other stuff out there. And I pointed out that yeah, I think there's been some weakening and underwriting and not not just by private credit, elsewhere. And there will be a credit cycle one day and I think when there's a credit cycle, losses will be worse than people expect relative to the scenario. I don't think it's systemic. It almost can't be systemic at that size relative to anything else, but, you know, when recessions happen and values go down and people refight higher rates, there'll be stress and strain in the system and, you know, are people prepared for that? I can't speak for other banks, but these are, most of these things are, you know, are that on top of you have to have very large losses in private credit before at least it looks like banks are going to get hit or something like that. So, it doesn't mean you won't feel some stress and strain and you might have to do something about it, but uh, not particularly worried about it. I I what I'm I'd be more worried about when there's a credit cycle, how's that going to filter through the whole system? That that to me is a bigger issue. But I also pointed out, corporations in general, the debt's not too high. Consumers in general, debt's not too high. Most of the excess debt is in, you know, government debt at this point. So there are positives and negatives you look at what's going to happen if there's a cycle. And of course we always worry about what happens if there's a cycle and like I said, I think it'll be worse than people expect. And you can go look at what happens in other cycles to you know, various credit uh and industries, etc. The other the other thing which almost always happens is that there's a industry which surprises people. If you go back to the year 2000, people are surprised there was utilities and telecom, you know, grandma stocks that got hit. Things change. And you go to 08, it was media companies and newspapers, Warren Buffett stocks. Things change. This time, you know, you have all the two years going about software, which we'll see, you know, it might be software, might not. Um, but something always happens that people don't expect in credit. I'm not talking about, I'm not forecasting anything. I'm simply saying for JP Morgan, we have to be prepared for a recession. And that, you know, you can have stagflation. You know, you see people mentioning that we have to be prepared for stagflation. You know, obviously if you have stagflation and higher rates for longer and credit spreads gap out, that will put a lot of stress and strain on leveraged companies as they refinance. You know, and those get fixed. Sometimes people put in more capital to credit, sometimes they reduce their capex plans. You know, it doesn't it's not an immediate disaster overnight, but it would put a lot more stress and strain on people. I pointed out that if there's a credit cycle, I do expect it will be worse than people think relative to the scenario. It's not a disaster. We're used to credit cycles. We'll be big boys about it. you know, but asset price will go down, credit spreads will go down, people may get a little nervous about some of those things. We don't think it's systemic. You know, that's more I put in the category of traditional recessionary behavior. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
