Title: Why Oracle Stock Surged Today

Date: 2026-04-14 23:58

URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/why-oracle-stock-surged-today/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Hopes for negotiations that could end the Iran war weren't the only factor in Oracle's gains. Oracle ( ORCL +4.77% ) stock posted a big gain in Tuesday's trading. The software giant's share price closed out the daily session up 4.7%. The S&P 500 gained 1.1% in the session, and the Nasdaq Composite gained 1.9%. The broader market moved higher today thanks to hopes for negotiations that could end the Iran war. In addition to that source of bullish momentum, Oracle stock also appears to have seen gains connected to news that the company is expanding its partnership with Bloom Energy . Image source: Getty Images. Growth-dependent tech stocks generally saw strong gains in Tuesday's trading as investors bet that the U.S. and Israel could make a deal to end the war with Iran in the near future. President Donald Trump said yesterday that the U.S. had been contacted by Iranian officials and that they would "like to make a deal very badly." While there are still significant causes for uncertainty regarding the conflict, the market appears to be having a positive reaction to the U.S.'s recent moves to blockade the Strait of Hormuz when it comes to accelerating the timeline for ending the war. After the market closed yesterday, Oracle and Bloom Energy announced that they were expanding their partnership. As per the recent announcement, Oracle recently inked a contract for 1.2 gigawatts of energy capacity from Bloom Energy. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. While some investors and analysts have recently raised concerns about Oracle's positioning as the artificial intelligence ( AI ) revolution continues to unfold, the company's new deal with Bloom suggests that the software giant is taking a full-speed-ahead approach to its AI infrastructure buildout. Nvidia’s CEO just revealed that one breakthrough could create more millionaires in the next five years than the internet did in two decades. Amazon’s Jeff Bezos says it is “hard to overstate the impact.” And Cathie Wood projects AI could be an $80 trillion opportunity by 2030. That is the equivalent of 18 Nvidias , 29 Microsofts, or 35 Amazons. But here’s what most investors miss: almost all that growth runs through a single choke point. One little-known company, called an “Indispensable Monopoly,” provides the critical technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. Continue › Keith Noonan has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Bloom Energy and Oracle. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas . What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue › *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends *Returns as of April 15, 2026. **$149 for 2 years is a promotional price for new members only. Renews at current list price of $199 after 2nd year.
