Title: 3 AI Stocks That Can Outpace the S&P 500 for the Next 5 Years

Date: 2026-04-15 02:11

URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/3-ai-stocks-that-can-outpace-the-sp-500-for-the-ne/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
These three AI stocks have propelled the S&P 500 higher and look poised to outperform the index for some time to come. It's no secret that tech stocks , especially ones in artificial intelligence, have been outperforming the S&P 500 for many years. The State Street Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF ( XLK +1.60% ) follows tech stocks in the S&P 500, and its 100% gain over the past five years exceeds the S&P 500's 65% bump over that same time frame. Here are three AI stocks I think can continue to beat the S&P 500 over the next half-decade. Image source: Getty Images. When most people think about AI chips , they think of Nvidia , which offers chips that can handle a wide range of tasks. These are one-size-fits-all semiconductors that any tech company can use. These chips are known as GPUs (graphics processing units), and it's the market segment where Nvidia dominates, but Broadcom ( AVGO +0.17% ) has carved a market for its chips by customizing them. Broadcom specializes in application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs). Some tech giants have specific objectives that require more than GPUs, and a custom-made chip for their goals can lead to greater efficiencies and cost reduction. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. For instance, Alphabet ( GOOG +3.56% ) ( GOOGL +3.57% ) and Meta Platforms ( META +4.39% ) have both been aggressively buying Nvidia chips. However, these same companies turn to Broadcom for their custom-designed chips, the Tensor Processing Units and Meta Training and Inference Accelerator chips, respectively. Broadcom is the second-largest U.S. chipmaker by market cap , and a 74% year-over-year increase in Broadcom's fourth-quarter AI semiconductor revenue suggests that it will maintain its lead over the competition. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. AI chipmakers use several components to produce high-performing semiconductors . Nvidia, Broadcom, and Advanced Micro Devices ( AMD +3.29% ) are some of the many semiconductor giants that work closely with Micron ( MU +9.01% ) for high-bandwidth memory chips. It's essentially a chip within a chip, and each time Nvidia, Broadcom, or Advanced Micro Devices sells an AI chip, it boosts the demand for Micron's products. Micron is shifting away from consumer products to fully capitalize on the AI opportunity, which offers higher margins. This pivot to AI infrastructure explains why Micron's revenue almost tripled year over year in the second quarter of fiscal 2026 -- the quarter ended Feb. 26, 2026 -- with sales up 75% from the previous quarter. Micron's guidance for the current quarter is for $33.5 billion (plus or minus $750 million), which would be a 40% bump from last quarter at the $33.5 billion. The stock has remained an undervalued AI gem for too long, and once investors noticed, they took shares up by more than 500% over the past year. Despite that growth, Micron still loooks undervalued with a forward P/E ratio around 7 and a 0.24 PEG ratio . It's growing much faster than Nvidia, which has a 23 forward P/E ratio and a 0.77 PEG ratio. Alphabet has multiple avenues to tap into AI. Google's Gemini shows up in Google search results more often, giving Google's AI model incredible exposure. That may partially explain why Gemini is already up to 750 million monthly active users. Alphabet also uses AI to enhance its online advertising revenue, and it's even using physical AI through Waymo, its fleet of self-driving vehicles. However, the biggest opportunity within the Alphabet conglomerate may be Google Cloud. This cloud computing platform took more than a decade to become profitable, but it has now turned into the biggest catalyst for Alphabet's financial results. Since AI inference requires substantial computing power, more companies are turning to cloud providers like Alphabet. For instance, OpenAI and Anthropic are both Google Cloud customers, and the tech giant has a bunch of other corporate leaders using its cloud computing platform. Google Cloud revenue surged by 48% year over year in Q4, with the company citing "enterprise AI infrastructure and enterprise AI Solutions" as major catalysts for cloud revenue growth. Google Cloud also brought in $5.3 billion in net operating income in Q4, more than doubling year over year. This growth gives Alphabet more capital to invest in moonshot opportunities like Waymo. Its access to substantial capital gives it the flexibility to create small start-ups within the conglomerate that can become significant growth drivers in the future. This business model has been enough to crush the S&P 500, with Alphabet shares up by 176% over the past five years. Before you buy stock in Broadcom , consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Broadcom wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $556,335 !* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,160,572 !* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor ’s total average return is 975 % — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193 % for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor , and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026. Marc Guberti has positions in Broadcom. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Advanced Micro Devices, Alphabet, Broadcom, Meta Platforms, Micron Technology, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias . What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue › *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends *Returns as of April 15, 2026. **$149 for 2 years is a promotional price for new members only. Renews at current list price of $199 after 2nd year.
