Title: Nexon Asia Pacific joins the Microsoft Intelligent Security Association

Date: 2026-04-14 23:25

URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/nexon-asia-pacific-joins-microsoft-232500183.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict SYDNEY , April 15, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Nexon Asia Pacific (Nexon) , today announced it has become a member of the Microsoft Intelligent Security Association (MISA), an ecosystem of software development companies and security services partners that have integrated their solutions with Microsoft Security technology to better defend our mutual customers against a world of increasing cyber threats. Nexon supports organisations to strengthen their cyber resilience by combining deep domain expertise with Microsoft's advanced security technologies, including Microsoft Sentinel , Microsoft Entra ID , Microsoft Purview and Microsoft Defender . The company focuses on delivering clear, reliable outcomes across threat protection, identity security, and compliance, enabling clients to operate with confidence in a constantly evolving risk environment. Nexon's subscription‑based Nexon Cyber service plans provide defined service delivery, agreed service levels, and measurable outcomes. This ensures that core protection across even the most complex environments is maintained through a consistent baseline of visibility and defense. Nexon's admission to the Microsoft Intelligent Security Association reflects the quality and consistency of the work its security teams deliver every day. It reinforces that Nexon's solutions align with Microsoft's highest standards and that its security services integrate seamlessly with the technologies clients rely on. This recognition strengthens the trust placed in Nexon and validates the expertise behind the protection it provides. "Being welcomed into MISA is a meaningful milestone for Nexon. It reflects the care, consistency, and integrity our teams bring to every security engagement," said Saba Maroun, Chief Customer Services Officer at Nexon Asia Pacific. "For our clients, this membership provides reassurance that the services we deliver are grounded in deep expertise and validated by Microsoft. Security and trust sit at the centre of everything we do, and this recognition strengthens our commitment to supporting organisations with solutions they can depend on." "The Microsoft Intelligent Security Association has grown into a vibrant ecosystem comprised of the most reliable and trusted security vendors across the globe," said Maria Thomson, Director, Microsoft Intelligent Security Association. "Our members, like Nexon, share Microsoft's commitment to collaboration within the cybersecurity community to improve our customers' ability to predict, detect, and respond to security threats faster." Established in 2018 to bring together Microsoft leaders, & security vendors, MISA focuses on collaborating to combat security threats and create a safer environment for all. Its mission is to provide intelligent, industry-leading security solutions that work together to help protect organizations at the speed and scale of AI in an ever-increasing threat landscape. Partners who are interested in learning more can visit the MISA Website: Microsoft Intelligent Security Association . About Nexon Asia Pacific: Nexon Asia Pacific (Nexon) is an award-winning digital & IT services partner for mid-market, enterprise & government organisations across Australia. We have a uniquely broad suite of solutions to service clients who require end-to-end capabilities coupled with specialist expertise in security, cloud, and digital solutions. Our end-to-end solutions help clients to solve problems, address frictions, and accelerate growth. Committed to the highest standards of responsiveness, competency, and transparency, Nexon is built on a unique client care model that is fueled by continuous feedback. With 600+ staff, we employ some of the country's most experienced consultants and empower teams to make decisions that accelerate change for client organisations. As a certified and accredited local and state government provider, CREST, and ISO-certified, Nexon partners with world-class technology vendors to deliver innovative solutions and service excellence. We help our clients move from a position of being overwhelmed to empowerment, looking forward to a more agile and digital future. nexon.com.au Product or service names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. View original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/apac/news-releases/nexon-asia-pacific-joins-the-microsoft-intelligent-security-association-302742422.html Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
