Title: OpenAI investors question valuation after questionable pivot

Date: 2026-04-14 21:20

URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/openai-investors-question-valuation-after-questionable-pivot-212000056.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict TECHnalysis Research, LLC, president Bob O'Donnell joins Josh Lipton on Market Domination Overtime to discuss OpenAI's ( OPAI.PVT ) big pivots ahead of its IPO that have investors scratching their heads. OpenAI's $86 billion valuation is under increasing scrutiny from its own backers as it switches focus to the enterprise. Investors telling the FT, Bob, this could leave it vulnerable to Anthropic and a resurgent Google. What do you make of that? Well, look, I've always thought that the enterprise was where the real opportunity was. Monetizing consumers who all want to use the service for free and are willing to, you know, accept ads in a lot of cases is a much tougher business model. So, I think it's important. Having said that, it is absolutely true that Anthropic has become a serious force in enterprise AI and of course Google's continues to be. So, I think they were going to face these challenges no matter what. Um, and just the fact that they're shifting to an enterprise focus to me isn't the real reason. I think the real reason is the fact that all of a sudden you've got other companies who are taking over the narrative around AI and it's no longer just a chat GPT world. And that really does change things and I think that's where the challenge lies. You think long-term it's not the consumer tools, it's going to be the enterprise subscriptions. I absolutely think so because businesses are using it to justify, you know, uh all kinds of new projects, creating new tools, cre you know, in some cases unfortunately reducing jobs, uh but the net net of it is it they're using it to translate into something that is tangible and measurable. With consumers, that's going to be a lot harder. Now, you know, they did, I did see OpenAI just bought that little personal finance company, so they're going to help people with their own investments. So that becomes interesting, but again, I you know, I'm not sure how big of a a deal that they can really turn that into. It's a nice offering to have, to be clear, but it's not the same thing as, you know, all these companies, uh, you know, investing just huge amounts of money in terms of how they can automate certain processes and all this other stuff that people are starting to do with tools, uh, like Claude. What do you think Sam Altman's biggest risks are? I think it's monetization and I think it's cost and I think frankly, it's going to be availability. Because one of the big concerns that we're starting to see is the fact that, you know, there's not enough compute resources. We were just talking about how all the infrastructure companies are selling out everything they they can, which is true, but we're also starting to run out of power on the grid, you know, there that's a concern that people have. We've got to build more data centers to enable this. We're starting to see some regulatory concerns happen there, but that's a different kind of regulatory concern than I think we've seen. Um there are, I mean, there are a lot of issues and a lot of concerns out there, but I think the biggest ones by far are just straight out competition with others who can do what they're doing in an equally good or or better way. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
