Title: Xtrackers Artificial Intelligence and Big Data ETF: Is This ETF Late to the Party?

Date: 2026-04-15 04:35

URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/15/xtrackers-artificial-intelligence-and-big-data-etf/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Wall Street has a history of creating products to sell, even when there are already other options for investors to buy. Investment banks, brokers, mutual fund companies, and exchange-traded fund (ETF) sponsors aren't working with you out of the kindness of their hearts. They are trying to make a profit from the relationship. You can benefit, too, of course, but you should never forget that Wall Street is in the business of making money. Which is why a somewhat cynical look at Xtrackers Artificial Intelligence and Big Data ETF ( XAIX +2.28% ) is probably in order. Here are some problems to consider before you buy this relatively new artificial intelligence-focused ETF. The first negative to consider with Xtrackers Artificial Intelligence and Big Data ETF is that it was launched in Oct. 2024. It is just a little over a year old, even though the AI investment opportunity has existed for much longer. For example, Global X Artificial Intelligence & Technology ETF ( AIQ +2.47% ) launched in May 2018. Image source: Getty Images. AI wasn't really a hot investment theme until the last couple of years, so Global X Artificial Intelligence & Technology ETF was early. But Xtrackers Artificial Intelligence and Big Data ETF was launched at a time when investors were starting to worry about an AI bubble. It seems very much like it could be late to the party and little more than a me-too product. The clear hope is to increase the ETF sponsor's assets under management. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. On that front, Xtrackers Artificial Intelligence and Big Data ETF's expense ratio is 0.35%. That's a bit high for an ETF, with some ETFs offering expense ratios below 0.10%. Of course, the ability to attach a material expense ratio was likely one of the reasons the sponsor wanted to create the ETF in the first place. Meanwhile, the ETF only has around $112 million in assets, which is fairly small. For reference, Global X Artificial Intelligence & Technology ETF has $7.7 billion in assets. It isn't unusual for ETFs that don't gather enough assets to eventually get shut down. XAIX data by YCharts The premise behind Xtrackers Artificial Intelligence and Big Data ETF isn't bad. It invests in exactly what you would expect and owns over 90 securities. So it is a quick and easy way to get diversified exposure to the AI sector. But its performance is roughly similar to that of the older, larger Global X Artificial Intelligence & Technology ETF, so it isn't a particularly differentiated product. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 975 %* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193 % for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026. While there's no huge reason to avoid Xtrackers Artificial Intelligence and Big Data ETF, there's isn't a particularly strong reason to recommend it, either. However, given the ETF's small size, if the AI bubble bursts, it's more likely to be closed down than its larger peers. Most will probably want to let Xtrackers Artificial Intelligence and Big Data ETF mature a little bit more before jumping in. Before you buy stock in Dbx ETF Trust - Xtrackers Artificial Intelligence And Big Data ETF , consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Dbx ETF Trust - Xtrackers Artificial Intelligence And Big Data ETF wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $556,335 !* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,160,572 !* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor ’s total average return is 975 % — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193 % for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor , and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026. Reuben Gregg Brewer has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias . What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue › *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends *Returns as of April 15, 2026. **$149 for 2 years is a promotional price for new members only. Renews at current list price of $199 after 2nd year.
