Title
3M vs. United Parcel Service: One of These Industrial Stocks Is a Much Better Buy Right Now

Date
2026-04-16 00:35

URL
https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/15/3m-vs-united-parcel-service-one-of-these-industria/?.tsrc=rss

Content
3M and UPS are iconic companies facing material headwinds, but one is expensive, and the other is cheap. 3M ( MMM 0.82% ) and United Parcel Service ( UPS +0.34% ) do completely different things: one is a manufacturer, and the other a provider of delivery services. However, both are iconic businesses facing material headwinds. And one of them looks a lot more interesting as an investment right now, particularly if you are a dividend investor. 3M has been through a difficult transition. After a period of sluggish growth, the industrial conglomerate chose to slim down and refocus. The biggest move was the spin-off of its healthcare business into Solventum ( SOLV +0.12% ) . That was the company's crown jewel, and without this business, 3M won't be able to grow as quickly. Image source: Getty Images. This move brings up the larger problem. 3M has been facing material legal liabilities, including class action lawsuits related to forever chemicals (PFAS) and earplugs sold to the military. The company needed the cash it raised from the spin-off to ensure it could work through its legal issues. However, the legal issues aren't over yet, so there remains a material and uncertain overhang on the business. And yet the stock's price-to-sales, price-to-earnings, and price-to-book ratios are all notably above their five-year averages. 3M had a solid 2025, with organic sales up 2.1% and earnings up 10%. The valuation reflects that strong performance, but it doesn't appear to recognize the still material and uncertain legal risks. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. By comparison, UPS looks cheap. Its P/S, P/E, and P/B ratios are all below their five-year averages. And while UPS is facing its own challenges, they aren't of the legal variety. So investors can more closely monitor what is going on and don't have to worry about big surprises, like the loss of a material court case. The big problem with UPS is a turnaround effort aimed at slimming down and refocusing the business on growth. In this case, the turnaround has required material upfront costs (capital investments in new equipment) even as the effort reduced revenues (shifting away from high-volume customers that aren't very profitable to serve). That's led to a period of weak financial performance. However, there are signs of improvement, with revenue per piece in the U.S. market rising. And the company believes that 2026 will be the inflection point in the turnaround effort. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,002 %* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 195 % for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 16, 2026. Neither 3M nor UPS is a risk-free investment given their current headwinds. But 3M's legal problems are harder to quantify, the stock looks expensive, and it only offers a 2% dividend yield. UPS, on the other hand, appears to be making progress on its turnaround, has a far more attractive valuation, and a 6.3% yield. For most, and particularly for dividend investors , UPS is probably the better option. Here's How Our CEO Is Responding. The S&P 500 is more concentrated than the dot-com peak. The companies AI hit are in most investors' portfolios. And most investors are holding a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Tom Gardner didn't think members should have to figure out the fix on their own. So he built the whole thing for you, and he's putting our own company money into it alongside members. Continue › Reuben Gregg Brewer has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends 3M and United Parcel Service. The Motley Fool recommends Solventum. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons . What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue › *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Get our brand-new Epic Portfolio for Most investors have a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Our CEO, Tom Gardner, challenged our best teams to build a "plan, not just a list" —a complete, ready-to-invest portfolio designed for this chaotic market. We believe in these stocks so much that The Motley Fool is investing $100,000 of our own cash right alongside you. *50% discount based on the current list price of Epic of $499/year. Promotional price is for new members only. Membership will renew annually at the then-current list price. Offer expires on April 18, 2026, at 11:59 pm PDT.
