Title: Chevron increases Venezuela heavy oil stake through asset swap with PDVSA

Date: 2026-04-14 13:41

URL: https://www.offshore-technology.com/news/chevron-venezuela-asset-swap-pdvsa/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Chevron will transfer its 60% and full ownership interests in Plataforma Deltana Block 21 and Block 32 to Venezuelan entities. Chevron has signed an asset exchange agreement with Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), broadening its involvement in Venezuela’s heavy oil industry and transferring specific gas holdings. The transaction will increase Chevron’s working interest in the Petroindependencia joint venture (JV) by 13.21 percentage points, resulting in a total share of 49%. Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more Furthermore, the Petropiar JV, in which Chevron retains a 30% stake, has received development rights for the adjacent Ayacucho 8 area within the Orinoco Oil Belt. Through this arrangement, Chevron will transfer its 60% and full ownership interests in the offshore Plataforma Deltana Block 21 and Block 32 gas licences, respectively, to Venezuelan entities. Chevron will also divest its 25.2% non-operated stake in the Petroindependiente JV in the western part of the country. Chevron base assets and emerging countries president Javier La Rosa said: “This agreement expands Chevron’s heavy oil position in two key JVs in Venezuela and reflects our disciplined development of the country’s significant resources. “Ayacucho 8 is a producing asset in close proximity to Petropiar, which enhances development efficiencies. This asset swap marks another important step in Chevron’s long history in Venezuela and reinforces our role in supporting regional energy security.” Chevron has operated in Venezuela since 1923, making it one of the leading energy companies present in the country. The company’s JV projects, Petroindependencia and Petropiar, are focused on extra-heavy oil production in the Orinoco Oil Belt. In Latin America, Chevron maintains a broad operational portfolio, with activity in conventional, shale and offshore oil and gas production in Argentina, Guyana and Venezuela, supported by both operated and non-operated assets. Chevron also holds around 35 active exploration blocks in Brazil, Suriname, Uruguay and Peru. PDVSA, headquartered in Caracas, manages the country’s oil and gas activities, overseeing upstream and downstream operations. The company supplies crude oil and refined petroleum products within Venezuela under the PDV brand and in the eastern and mid-western US through the Cities Service Oil Company brand. Earlier this month, Chevron made an oil discovery at the Bandit prospect, located around 125 miles south of the Louisiana coast in the Gulf of Mexico. Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Offshore Technology Focus : Offshore Technology Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network. Oil and gas news, data and in-depth articles on offshore projects, exploration and decommissioning and the trends driving technology and innovation Powered by © GlobalData Plc 2026 These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
