Title: Adobe's Creative and Marketing Growth Surges: More Upside Ahead?

Date: 2026-04-14 18:11

URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/adobes-creative-marketing-growth-surges-181100493.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict Adobe ADBE is benefiting from the growth of its Creative and Marketing Professionals segment, driven by AI adoption, core subscription strength and enterprise platform expansion. Creative and Marketing Professional revenues increased 12% year over year (11% in constant currency) to $4.39 billion in the first-quarter of fiscal 2026. The first-quarter fiscal 2026 growth drivers for Creative and Marketing Professionals included growth in Creative Cloud. This was driven by the Creative Cloud Pro offering, higher subscription penetration among professionals and teams, and increased usage across design, video and photo workflows. This reflects customers upgrading to more “all-in-one,” AI-enabled creative subscriptions. Adobe expanded the number of new users entering its ecosystem dramatically in the reported quarter. Creative freemium MAUs crossed 80 million, growing more than 50% year over year, and include web and mobile versions of Firefly, Express, Premiere Pro, Photoshop and Lightroom. At the heart of Adobe’s evolving creative universe lies Firefly. With generative credit consumption surging 45% quarter over quarter, creators are no longer merely experimenting with AI. They are embracing it as an essential companion in their artistic journey, crafting images, refining visuals and shaping stories with effortless precision. This bodes well for Adobe’s Creative and Marketing top-line growth. Adobe expects Creative and Marketing Professionals subscription revenues between $4.41 billion and $4.44 billion for the second quarter of fiscal 2026. Adobe is witnessing strong high-margin growth in its enterprise digital experience business, driven by robust demand for its marketing cloud solutions. Key platforms such as GenStudio and Adobe Experience Platform delivered impressive performance, with each growing more than 30% year over year in ARR in the first quarter of fiscal 2026. These solutions enable enterprises to run highly personalized marketing campaigns, effectively manage and unify customer data, and automate content creation using AI, making them critical tools for modern digital engagement. At the same time, Adobe is building future growth drivers through its expanding AI innovation pipeline. New offerings such as LLM Optimizer, Sites Optimizer and Brand Concierge are gaining strong traction and are expected to further strengthen Adobe’s position in AI-driven marketing automation. ADBE’s AI business is minuscule compared with Microsoft MSFT and Alphabet GOOGL. Microsoft’s Intelligent Cloud revenues are benefiting from growth in Azure AI services and a rise in the AI Copilot business. The company monetizes AI through existing customer relationships, reducing customer acquisition costs while expanding revenue per user. Microsoft’s $625 billion remaining performance obligations (RPO) and 15 million Microsoft 365 Copilot paid seats demonstrate robust enterprise demand and successful AI product adoption. In contrast, Adobe’s RPO hit $22.22 billion at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2026. Alphabet’s focus on leveraging AI to drive growth is a key catalyst. AI is heavily infused across its offerings, including Search and Google Cloud. The company is leveraging AI to boost search dominance with the launch of Gemini 2.5. Search revenues are driven by improving engagement with features like AI Overview, which now has 2 billion users per month and is available in more than 40 languages across 200 countries. Adobe shares have dropped 31.4% year to date, underperforming the broader Zacks Computer and Technology sector’s growth of 0.3%. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research The ADBE stock is trading at a discount, as suggested by a Value Score of B. In terms of trailing price/book, Adobe shares are trading at a discount of 8.49X compared with the broader sector’s 9.86X. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research The Zacks Consensus Estimate for second-quarter fiscal 2026 earnings is pegged at $5.83 per share, unchanged over the past 30 days, suggesting 15.22% year-over-year growth. Adobe Inc. price-consensus-chart | Adobe Inc. Quote Adobe currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report Adobe Inc. (ADBE) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
