Title: Masters Weekend: 25,000 Kids Sign Up for Bank of America's "Golf with Us," Back-to-Back Champion Rory McIlroy Inspires Next Generation of Golfers

Date: 2026-04-14 13:00

URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/masters-weekend-25-000-kids-130000854.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict BofA congratulates McIlroy on the win and applauds his $500,000 donation to Youth on Course Key points Over Masters weekend, more than 25,000 kids signed up for Bank of America's "Golf with Us," which offers youth ages 6-18 $5 tee times via free Youth on Course memberships nationwide at BofA.com/GolfwithUs Available across Bank of America's 97 markets, Golf with Us targets 250,000 total sign ups and aims to continue to increase Youth on Course's course network across the country This year, Bank of America will bring Golf with Us clinics to 25 markets, offering skill development and life lessons for local youth Enhanced benefits in 2026 include $5 golf simulator rentals and free PGA Pro lessons via Youth on Course partners Golf Galaxy and Dick's House of Sport, and mentor-led golf experiences through a partnership with Watson Links On Wednesday before the Masters, McIlroy announced a $500,000 donation to Youth on Course, which will help fund 70,000 rounds of golf for members AUGUSTA, Ga. and CHARLOTTE, N.C. , April 14, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- More than 25,000 kids signed up for Bank of America's Golf with Us over Masters weekend, a 160% increase compared to the same period last year and a fast start toward the bank's goal of 250,000 total sign ups in two years. The deadline for kids to enroll in Golf with Us is June 15, 2026. Bank of America announced the second year of Golf with Us in the days leading up the Masters. The large number of signs ups were driven in part by the bank's marketing campaign, which features Golf with Us members reimagining some of the Masters most iconic moments, including McIlroy's shot of a lifetime on the 15 th hole and celebration on 18 after securing his long-awaited green jacket in 2025. "Rory's back-to-back wins show how perseverance and dedication, on the course and in life, can help you reach your goals," said Brian Moynihan , Chair and CEO of Bank of America . "We congratulate Rory on his impressive performance, and applaud his willingness to help thousands of young golfers learn the skills and life lessons golf can teach." Frequently asked questions Question: How can my child sign up for Golf with Us, and is there a cost? Answer: Golf with Us is free and open to the first 150,000 new participants, ages 6-18, who enroll before June 15, 2026. Families can learn more and sign up at BofA.com/GolfwithUs . Returning Golf with Us participants are eligible to renew their membership at an exclusive 20% discount, courtesy of Bank of America. Question: What benefits are included with a Youth on Course membership through Golf with Us? Answer: Members can enjoy rounds for $5 or less at thousands of courses nationwide. Once they complete one qualifying golf session, they also gain access to $5 golf simulator rentals at any Golf Galaxy and DICK's House of Sport location, a registered handicap index through the USGA's Golf Handicap Information Network (GHIN), complimentary access to GolfPass, and continued development and learning opportunities through the PGA of America REACH Foundation. Question: How is Bank of America working to expand golf access in communities long-term? Answer: Bank of America is funding the widespread expansion of courses within Youth on Course's network. This investment ensures that kids in more communities — including those that have historically had limited access — have safe, affordable places to play close to home. Question: Is Golf with Us designed for all kids, including those who have never played before? Answer: Absolutely. Golf with Us is designed to welcome all young people to the game, regardless of experience level. In its inaugural year, thousands of first-time golfers enrolled, and more than 22,000 participants were girls — reflecting the program's commitment to making golf a sport where every kid feels they belong. No prior experience is needed to sign up and start playing. Question: What is Youth on Course, and why did Bank of America partner with this organization? Answer: Youth on Course is a nonprofit organization that has provided young people access to golf for $5 or less since 2006, with a network of more than 2,000 courses across the United States, Canada, and Australia. Celebrating its 20 th year, Youth on Course shares the Bank's commitment to removing financial barriers to the game and creating meaningful opportunities for youth in communities nationwide. Question: Where is "Golf with Us" available? Answer: Golf with Us is available across all 97 Bank of America markets , spanning all 50 states, Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico. Through Youth on Course's network of more than 2,000 partner courses nationwide, families can find affordable, accessible places to play close to home. Interested families can visit BofA.com/GolfwithUs to enroll and explore participating courses in their area. Bank of America's Sports Commitment Bank of America serves as a Champion Partner of the Masters Tournament and has partnered with the Augusta National Women's Amateur since 2019. Bank of America is also the presenting partner of the More Than Golf Invitational for female amateur golfers in partnership with the ANNIKA Foundation and has partnered since 2002 with the Latin America Amateur Championship and Asia-Pacific Amateur Championships. Bank of America also serves as Platinum Partner of the 2026 Special Olympics USA Games and will bring more than 159 athletes and 40 caddies to the competition as sponsor of the golf competition. Beyond its growing golf partnership portfolio, Bank of America also partners with some of the most iconic brands in sports that share a vision for excellence and achievement. Through these partnerships, the bank is working to deepen client relationships, inspire and showcase teammates, create lasting economic impact in communities, and drive growth, globally and locally, through the power of sport. To learn more, visit our Bank of America Sports webpage . Bank of America Bank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving nearly 70 million clients with approximately 3,600 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and award-winning digital banking with approximately 59 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 4 million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. For more Bank of America news, including dividend announcements and other important information, visit the Bank of America newsroom and register for news email alerts . Youth on Course Youth on Course , a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization headquartered in Monterey, Calif., provides youth 18 and under access to life-changing opportunities through golf. Since its inception in 2006, Youth on Course members have played more than 5 million subsidized rounds of golf for $5 or less at thousands of partner courses throughout the United States, Canada, and Australia. Its members include the top juniors in the sport, competing on the AJGA and Underrated Tours, the inaugural United States Golf Association U.S. National Development Team, and all collegiate levels. The organization forges new pathways for youth to grow in the game via opportunities, including the DRIVE Club, Careers on Course, Leadership Council, and its annual College Scholarship awards. The Youth on Course Alumni Network extends membership to those 19 and older, offering opportunities for young adults to connect at complementary events, access exclusive deals, and network with the top employers in the golf industry. Supporters can participate in various initiatives, including the Youth on Course 100 Hole Hike, the Vintage Cup, and the Online Auction, to help fund golf access for youth. More information about Youth on Course can be found by visiting youthoncourse.org or Facebook , Instagram , LinkedIn , TikTok and X . Reporters may contact Andy Aldridge, Bank of America Phone: 1.980.387.0514 andrew.aldridge@bofa.com View original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/masters-weekend-25-000-kids-sign-up-for-bank-of-americas-golf-with-us-back-to-back-champion-rory-mcilroy-inspires-next-generation-of-golfers-302741700.html Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
