Title: Why D-Wave Quantum Stock Took off Like a Rocket Today

Date: 2026-04-14 23:18

URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/why-d-wave-quantum-stock-took-off-like-a-rocket-to/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
A leading tech hardware company rolled out new products that should help all quantum businesses. On Tuesday, what promises to be a significant innovation is expected to bring two hot technologies closer together. The stocks of companies operating in one of those, quantum computing, saw double-digit rises in their prices as a result. One of numerous examples was sector mainstay D-Wave Quantum ( QBTS +15.84% ) , which increased by nearly 16%. Early that day, Nvidia , the reigning king of artificial intelligence (AI) processors, announced it had rolled out a line of AI models called Nvidia Ising. These models are specifically designed to advance quantum technology. All are open source, meaning any developer is free to modify them. Image source: Getty Images. Nvidia wrote that the Ising models address key quantum workloads, including the operation of quantum processors and error detection and correction. In a press release, the company added that numerous quantum enterprises and research organizations have already adopted Ising. Among others, the company wrote, this includes the Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences, and the U.K. National Physical Laboratory. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Nvidia didn't identify D-Wave Quantum as an Ising adopter, but it isn't hard to imagine any quantum developer who wouldn't want a free set of advanced tools to aid them in their work. To me (and, obviously, many quantum stock investors), this is a clear and unambiguous win for the nascent industry -- assuming, of course, that Ising is as helpful and reliable as advertised. Before you buy stock in D-Wave Quantum , consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and D-Wave Quantum wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $556,335 !* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,160,572 !* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor ’s total average return is 975 % — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193 % for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor , and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026. Eric Volkman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nvidia. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas . What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue › *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends *Returns as of April 15, 2026. **$149 for 2 years is a promotional price for new members only. Renews at current list price of $199 after 2nd year.
