Title: Why IonQ Stock Skyrocketed Today

Date: 2026-04-15 00:29

URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/why-ionq-stock-skyrocketed-today/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
IonQ investors just got some fantastic news. IonQ ( IONQ +20.13% ) stock saw a massive rally in Tuesday's trading . The company's share price closed out the day up 20.2% in a session that saw the S&P 500 's level climb 1.1% and the Nasdaq Composite 's level rise 1.9%. The quantum-computing specialist's valuation bump was partially driven by bullish momentum for the broader market , but there was also some very promising business-specific news. Despite today's big rally, IonQ stock is still down roughly 56.5% from the high it reached last year. Image source: Getty Images. The stock market roared higher today on hopes that negotiations could resume to end the Iran war. President Donald Trump said yesterday that Iranian officials had reached out to resume talks to end the conflict. The Iran war has had a destabilizing impact on valuations for many growth-dependent tech stocks, and news that a potential deal to end the conflict is still on the table helped power big valuation gains across the industry today. IonQ's valuation saw a big boost in conjunction with the catalyst, and that was far from the only good news for shareholders. In a press release published today, IonQ revealed that it had won a new contract with the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). Through the partnership, IonQ will be working on DARPA's Heterogeneous Architectures for Quantum (HARQ) project to develop advanced quantum-computing systems. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. The significance of the announcement was multiplied by news that IonQ's partnership with the U.S. Air Force Research Laboratory had yielded successful results for the interconnecting of two independent trapped-ion quantum-computing systems. The development suggests a major step forward for the networking of quantum systems and looks even more promising given that it was paired with news of the expanded DARPA partnership. Before you buy stock in IonQ , consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and IonQ wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $556,335 !* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,160,572 !* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor ’s total average return is 975 % — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193 % for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor , and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026. Keith Noonan has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends IonQ. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas . What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue › *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends *Returns as of April 15, 2026. **$149 for 2 years is a promotional price for new members only. Renews at current list price of $199 after 2nd year.
