Title: IonQ's New DARPA Contract Could Make It the Top Quantum Stock of 2026

Date: 2026-04-14 23:25

URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/ionqs-new-darpa-contract-could-make-it-the-top-qua/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
IonQ may have just turned a major corner. IonQ ( IONQ +20.13% ) published a press release today announcing that it had won a contract with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). The contract news had a huge bullish impact on the company's share price. IonQ stock closed out the day's trading up 20.2%. DARPA has been at the center of pushing U.S. defense technologies forward since its founding, and the vote of confidence from the agency is a significant development for IonQ. The quantum computing specialist has won a contract with DARPA's Heterogeneous Architectures for Quantum (HARQ) program, and the bigger picture may be even more exciting. Image source: Getty Images. IonQ's announcement of its HARQ deal with DARPA wasn't the only catalyst that sent its share price higher on Tuesday. In conjunction with the DARPA news, IonQ also published a very promising update on its partnership with the Air Force Research Laboratory and broader tech capabilities. The quantum company revealed today that it had successfully photonically interconnected two independent trapped-ion quantum systems. The announcement is significant because the company is reporting that it has completed the first successful demonstration of commercial quantum computers working together on shared processing loads. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. The ability to combine the computational powers of multiple graphics processing units ( GPUs ) has been central to driving the artificial intelligence revolution, and data suggesting that multiple quantum computers can work in tandem has major implications for the scalability of the tech. If IonQ has a forefront position when it comes to interconnecting trapped-ion quantum systems, it's possible that the company could deliver big technological leaps forward as its quantum capabilities continue to develop. The pairing of the DARPA contract announcement with news that IonQ has potentially achieved a major technological milestone by showing that at least two trapped-ion quantum computers are capable of working in tandem with each other is a development that demands attention. A successful demonstration of the interlinking of quantum computers is a big deal and has potentially massive implications for scalability in space. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 975 %* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193 % for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026. While the quantum-tech space remains speculative, IonQ's wins with U.S. government contracts and partnerships look encouraging. With the company seemingly recording significant progress in conjunction with the Air Force Research Laboratory and DARPA, it's much easier to have confidence in the growth outlook for its tech stack. IonQ's interconnected quantum systems announcement, expanded DARPA deal, and partnership with the Air Force Research Laboratory don't necessarily mean that the stock will go on to deliver big wins over the long term , but recent news appears to suggest that the company is one of the strongest players in the quantum-tech space. While it's possible that other quantum players will also announce tech breakthroughs and major governmental partnerships in the not-too-distant future, recent developments suggest that IonQ is strengthening its case for being the top quantum-computing play in 2026 Before you buy stock in IonQ , consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and IonQ wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $556,335 !* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,160,572 !* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor ’s total average return is 975 % — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193 % for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor , and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026. Keith Noonan has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends IonQ. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas . What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue › *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends *Returns as of April 15, 2026. **$149 for 2 years is a promotional price for new members only. Renews at current list price of $199 after 2nd year.
