Title: Why Poet Technologies Stock Got Torched on Tuesday

Date: 2026-04-14 23:52

URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/why-poet-technologies-stock-got-torched-on-tuesday/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
A short-seller firm published a highly accusatory report about its conduct. Investors weren't liking what they saw with opto-electronics component specialist Poet Technologies ' ( POET 8.49% ) stock on the second trading day of the week. A highly critical, scathing report from a short-seller firm dampened sentiment on the company to the point where its shares closed the day 8% lower. That morning, Wolfpack Research divulged a short position in Poet, and wasn't shy to enumerate the reasons why. In a note published on its website, the firm digested these in a headline bluntly titled "We Believe Poet Is a[n] Obvious Stock Promote, Has Created an IRS NightMare: U.S. Holders Have Until April 15 to Act." Image source: Getty Images. Wolfpack accused management of putting the company "on a collision course" with the federal tax authority by accumulating massive amounts of cash through its frequent issuing of new shares. It added that this could have significant financial implications for its stockholders, hence the advice to exit the stock before the IRS's tax filing deadline. On top of that, according to the short-seller, Poet has "continuously" pivoted its business from one type to another, with little success. It said the company has earned only $2.3 million since 2020. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. As of late afternoon Tuesday, Poet had not officially commented on Wolfpack's report. The ten-page document was loaded with these and other incendiary accusations, including one in which Wolfpack alleges that Poet paid online "influencers" to promote its stock as a buy. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. In one specific example, it stated that the company handed $95,000 to a Canada-based entity called LFG Equities to draft two YouTube stock pickers with significant followings. This pair was apparently paid to flag Poet stock as a "hidden gem" to their audience. While Wolfpack has a clear interest in turning market sentiment negative on Poet, as investors, we have to take such accusations seriously. Investors were right to err on the side of caution and unload their stock. We should now watch for how -- and if -- Poet eventually responds to this research. Before you buy stock in Poet Technologies , consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Poet Technologies wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $556,335 !* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,160,572 !* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor ’s total average return is 975 % — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193 % for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor , and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026. Eric Volkman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias . What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue › *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends *Returns as of April 15, 2026. **$149 for 2 years is a promotional price for new members only. Renews at current list price of $199 after 2nd year.
