Title: Matlantis Accelerates Materials Discovery with NVIDIA ALCHEMI Toolkit

Date: 2026-04-15 00:00

URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/matlantis-accelerates-materials-discovery-nvidia-000000546.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict New integration enables high-throughput materials simulation at industrial scale CAMBRIDGE, Mass and TOKYO, April 14, 2026 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Matlantis today announced the integration of the NVIDIA ALCHEMI Toolkit into its platform to deliver unprecedented computational throughput for industrial materials simulation. This new milestone builds on a strong foundation of technical collaboration and synergy between the two companies. Matlantis has previously integrated NVIDIA Warp -optimized kernels into its simulation pipeline, including critical components such as neighbor list construction and DFT-D3 dispersion corrections. These integrations have significantly reduced computational overhead, achieving up to 10x speed improvement in key atomistic calculations. LightPFP: Scaling Simulation to Industrial Demands (available in mid-April): LightPFP , Matlantis’ lightweight potential for large-scale simulations, integrates with the NVIDIA ALCHEMI Toolkit-Ops. To ensure more flexible resource allocation and highly stable operations, LightPFP has transitioned to a server-based architecture that can be seamlessly invoked from standard notebook environments. While communication overhead is a common bottleneck in such distributed configurations, Matlantis successfully mitigated this challenge by replacing the neighborhood list construction process during inference with the NVIDIA ALCHEMI Toolkit-Ops. Future Roadmap: PFP Integration: Looking ahead, Matlantis is also planning the integration of its flagship Universal Machine-Learning Interatomic Potential (uMLIP), PFP , with the NVIDIA ALCHEMI Toolkit. This upcoming development aims to further power both small-scale research and large-scale industrial materials design, bridging the gap with unparalleled GPU efficiency. "Our continued collaboration with NVIDIA represents our commitment to providing the most advanced tools for material developers," said Masateru Kawaguchi, VP of Product Department, Matlantis. "With LightPFP, followed by our plans for the full PFP potential, we’re enabling customers to accelerate their R&D cycles while maintaining the highest level of accuracy and performance in the industry." For more information about the NVIDIA ALCHEMI Toolkit, visit https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/building-custom-atomistic-simulation-workflows-for-chemistry-and-materials-science-with-nvidia-alchemi-toolkit/ . About Matlantis Jointly developed by PFN and ENEOS, Matlantis is a universal atomistic simulator that supports large-scale material discovery by reproducing new materials’ behavior at an atomic level on the computer. PFN and ENEOS have incorporated a deep learning model into a conventional physical simulator to increase the simulation speed by tens of thousands of times and to support a wide variety of materials. Matlantis was launched in July 2021 as a cloud-based software-as-a-service by Matlantis Corp. (formerly named Preferred Computational Chemistry), a company jointly invested by PFN, ENEOS and Mitsubishi Corporation. Matlantis is used by over 150 companies and organizations for discovering various materials including catalysts, batteries, semiconductors, alloys, lubricants, ceramics and chemicals. For more information, please visit: https://matlantis.com/en / . Media Contact: Emily Townsend Scratch Marketing + Media for Matlantis matlantis@scratchmm.com Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
