Title: Citigroup Q1 Earnings Top Estimates on Higher NII, Stock Gains

Date: 2026-04-14 14:24

URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/citigroup-q1-earnings-top-estimates-142400177.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict Citigroup Inc. C has reported first-quarter 2026 earnings per share of $3.06, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 15.8% and jumping 56% year over year. C shares rose nearly 1.5% in the early trading session. A full day’s trading session will depict a clearer picture. Net income of $5.8 billion in the first quarter of 2026 rose 42% from the year-ago quarter. The company’s results benefited from a year-over-year rise in net interest income (NII), broad growth across each of its five core businesses and positive operating leverage. Citigroup also registered a year-over-year increase of 19% in investment banking (IB) revenues, reflecting growth in Advisory and Equity Capital Markets. However, higher operating expenses, an increase in provisions for credit losses and a weaker capital position acted as offsetting factors. Revenues, net of interest expenses, were $24.6 billion in the first quarter of 2026, up 14% year over year and beating the consensus mark by 3.8%. NII rose 12% year over year to $15.7 billion, while non-interest revenues increased 17% to $8.9 billion. NII, excluding Markets, was $12.9 billion, up 7% from the prior-year quarter. Citigroup’s operating expenses increased 7% year over year to $14.3 billion. The rise was primarily driven by higher compensation and benefits expenses, including severance, the impacts of foreign exchange translation, and higher transaction and product servicing costs, partly offset by productivity savings, lower legal expenses and reduced transformation expenses in Corporate/Other. In the Services segment, total revenues, net of interest expenses, were $6.1 billion, up 17% year over year. The increase reflected growth in Treasury and Trade Solutions, and Securities Services. The Markets segment’s revenues increased 19% year over year to $7.2 billion, driven by growth in Fixed Income and Equity markets revenues. Banking revenues were $1.8 billion, up 15% year over year, primarily driven by a rise in Investment Banking revenues. Advisory fees rose 19% and Equity Capital Markets fees surged 64%, while Debt Capital Markets fees declined 6%. In the Wealth segment, revenues were $3.1 billion, rising 11% year over year. The increase was driven by growth in Citigold, Retail Banking and the Private Bank, partly offset by lower revenues in Wealth at Work. U.S. Consumer Cards revenues were $4.8 billion, up 4% year over year, driven by higher NII on increased interest-earning balances and higher spreads, along with higher non-interest revenues. In the All Other segment, on a managed basis, revenues were $1.7 billion, up 15% year over year. As of March 31, 2026, end-of-period deposits were $1.45 trillion, up 3% from the prior quarter. End-of-period loans were $761.6 billion, up 1% sequentially. Total non-accrual loans increased 25% year over year to $3.4 billion. Total allowance for credit losses was $22 billion at the quarter-end, down from $22.8 billion in the prior-year period. Provisions for credit losses and benefits, and claims were $2.8 billion in the quarter, up 3% year over year. At the end of the first quarter of 2026, Citigroup’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 12.7%, down from 13.4% in the year-ago quarter and 13.2% in the prior quarter. The supplementary leverage ratio was 5.2%, down from 5.8% in the prior-year quarter. In the quarter, Citigroup returned $7.4 billion to common shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, including $6.3 billion in common share repurchases. Citigroup’s first-quarter 2026 results reflected broad-based business strength, supported by higher NII, solid fee momentum and positive operating leverage. Growth across Services, Markets, Banking and Wealth was encouraging. Yet, elevated expenses, higher credit costs and pressure on capital ratios remain watch points. The company’s continued simplification efforts, including recent sale of its Russia-based banking unit, AO Citibank, and focus on its five interconnected businesses are expected to support long-term growth. The company has entered the final phase of its divestitures, and 90% of the transformation programs are now at or near the target. Its solid capital return plans and improving returns profile also remain positives, going forward. The company has been very much on track to deliver the 10-11% return in tangible common equity target this year. Citigroup Inc. Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise Citigroup Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Citigroup Inc. Quote Currently, Citigroup carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Bank of America BAC is slated to report first-quarter 2026 numbers on April 15. Over the past week, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for Bank of America’s quarterly earnings has been revised north to $1.00. This indicates a 11.1% rise from the prior-year quarter’s reported figure. Fifth Third Bancorp FITB is scheduled to release first-quarter 2026 earnings on April 17. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Fifth Third Bancorp’s quarterly earnings has been revised downward to 84 cents per share over the past seven days. This indicates a 15.1% rise from the prior-year quarter’s actual. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Bank of America Corporation (BAC) : Free Stock Analysis Report Citigroup Inc. (C) : Free Stock Analysis Report Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
