Title: Microsoft Takes Over Stargate Norway Data Center From OpenAI

Date: 2026-04-14 18:51

URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/microsoft-takes-over-stargate-norway-185117974.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict (Bloomberg) -- Microsoft Corp. has agreed to rent data center capacity at a site in Norway that was initially intended for OpenAI and marketed as part of the artificial intelligence company’s Stargate initiative. Microsoft will rent 30,000 additional Nvidia Corp. Vera Rubin chips from neocloud provider Nscale at a campus inside the arctic circle in Narvik, Norway, Nscale said in a statement. This builds on a prior $6.2 billion commitment Microsoft made at the same site. OpenAI had initially been in talks for capacity to run its artificial intelligence workloads at the campus, but didn’t conclude an agreement with Nscale, according to people familiar with the discussions. The company had marketed it as “Stargate Norway” in a statement last year, a reference to its planned $500 billion joint venture investment in US infrastructure to power the next era of AI. Last week, OpenAI said it was pausing its analogous Stargate effort in the UK, another Nscale-developed site, citing the country’s high cost of energy and regulation. Nscale, meanwhile, has found another client for a separate data center facility in West London: Alphabet Inc.’s Google, which will rent capacity at a facility running Nvidia’s Grace Blackwell chips, according to a person familiar with the deal, who asked not to be identified because the agreement isn’t yet public. Google didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment. OpenAI’s plan to pause its Stargate project in the UK, and its failure to strike a deal with Nscale in Norway, mark a contrast from the AI giant’s previously signaled infrastructure plans. After a series of splashy announcements in recent years, OpenAI appears to be taking a more cautious approach to its rising server farm costs. The company told investors in February that it would spend about $600 billion on infrastructure by 2030 — a more specific figure than the $1.4 trillion in long-range commitments it had previously telegraphed. An OpenAI spokesperson said the company continues to explore an agreement for capacity in Norway and the company is working with a number of partners to build up its infrastructure. “I’ve always said we’d love to bring Stargate to Europe if the conditions are right, and we think we’ve found that in Narvik,” OpenAI Chief Executive Sam Altman said in a statement in July. Microsoft has cut a number of deals with neocloud providers, such as Nscale, as the company moves swiftly to get data centers online to meet demand. Last month, Microsoft announced it would take over a project in Texas that was originally being developed for OpenAI and Oracle Corp. Though it had an early start to the AI boom via its partnership with OpenAI, Microsoft has recently found itself short on capacity for cloud services. Wall Street expects Microsoft to spend $143 billion this year on capital expenditures, largely tied to data center development. Separately Tuesday, Microsoft said it would buy 3,200 acres of land in Wyoming to expand its data center footprint in that state. --With assistance from Kari Lundgren and Shirin Ghaffary. (Updates with additional Microsoft development in the final paragraph.) More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
