Title: Is CoreWeave the Best AI Buildout Play?

Date: 2026-04-14 21:12

URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/is-coreweave-the-best-ai-buildout-play/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Demand for CoreWeave's artificial intelligence (AI) cloud services has been strong, but it faces one key risk. CoreWeave ( CRWV +6.37% ) revenue has more than doubled in every quarter over the past year, reaching $5.1 billion on a trailing-12-month basis. Analysts expect that growth to continue, with revenue forecast to roughly double again this year to more than $12 billion. This artificial intelligence (AI) cloud provider has benefited from signing long-term contracts with top AI companies like Microsoft , OpenAI, and Meta Platforms . It also just reached a new deal with Anthropic. However, there's one weakness that keeps me from viewing it as the best AI infrastructure investment. Image source: Getty Images. The biggest concern is that CoreWeave relies heavily on leasing data center capacity rather than building and operating its own facilities. The pitfall of this showed up last year when CoreWeave announced a construction delay tied to a third-party builder. The issue has since been resolved, but it underscored a key risk -- expanding its data center capacity is not fully under its control. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. To be fair, leasing has helped CoreWeave expand quickly without incurring significant capital costs. But companies that own and operate their own facilities are not subject to this problem, and it can lead to stronger stock performance. Two examples are vertically integrated operators IREN and TeraWulf , whose stocks are up over 600% and 700%, respectively, over the past year -- significantly outperforming CoreWeave shares. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 975 %* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193 % for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026. Over the long run, companies that own the land and power behind their data centers may have the edge. Vertical integration can mean tighter control over construction timelines, better cost efficiency, and a faster, more predictable path to bringing new capacity online -- advantages that could continue to translate into higher long-term returns, as IREN and TeraWulf are already demonstrating. Before you buy stock in CoreWeave , consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and CoreWeave wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $556,335 !* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,160,572 !* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor ’s total average return is 975 % — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193 % for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor , and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026. John Ballard has positions in Iren. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Meta Platforms and Microsoft. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas . What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue › *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends *Returns as of April 15, 2026. **$149 for 2 years is a promotional price for new members only. Renews at current list price of $199 after 2nd year.
