Title: Alphabet vs. Meta Platforms: Which Digital Advertising Giant Is the Better Buy?

Date: 2026-04-14 22:50

URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/alphabet-vs-meta-platforms-which-digital-advertisi/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
One is in a better position today, while the other may be more suitable for long-term investors. Alphabet ( GOOG +3.56% ) ( GOOGL +3.57% ) and Meta Platforms ( META +4.41% ) have made their long-term investors rich due to their now-vast and profitable advertising networks. Both companies have expanded well beyond their original business models to gain more market share and outpace the competition. Alphabet started as Google and eventually acquired YouTube and Android while building Google Cloud internally. Meta Platforms started as Facebook, and over time acquired Instagram, WhatsApp, and Oculus VR. Those defining acquisitions aren't the only things that make these companies special. They both still can make for excellent stock holdings, but here's what you should consider if you want to choose between adding one or the other to your portfolio now. Image source: Getty Images. It has been a long time since Alphabet could be thought of exclusively as an advertising company. Its Google Cloud unit now produces more than 15% of its total revenue, and that segment is experiencing a long-term growth tailwind thanks to the rising infrastructure demands of AI. In Q4, the cloud platform accounted for $17.7 billion out of Alphabet's total revenues of $113.8 billion. Google and YouTube continue to provide high positive cash flow, which makes it easier for Alphabet to invest in other ventures like Waymo and Gemini. Meta Platforms isn't nearly as diversified: $58.1 billion of its $59.9 billion in Q4 revenue came from online ads. It's also the only profitable segment in Meta Platforms' business. Its Realty Labs segment generated a little under $1 billion in revenue but registered $6 billion in net operating losses. Although Meta Platforms is less diversified, it continues to grow at a faster rate than Alphabet. Meta Platforms' revenue has grown at a compound annual rate of 23% over the past three years, while Alphabet's growth rate was only 14.4%. Alphabet has been narrowing the gap, especially thanks to its accelerating Google Cloud sales, but Meta Platforms has the clear lead. Facebook's parent company also has a more attractive valuation. Its 21.8 P/E ratio is lower than Alphabet's 29.2 P/E ratio. If you are just looking at revenue growth and long-term revenue growth rates, Meta Platforms is the clear winner. It continues to bring in high cash flow that it can reinvest in other businesses. Meta Platforms also trades right now at a more attractive valuation. However, Alphabet is more diversified and is tapping into high-growth opportunities like cloud computing that can help it overtake Meta Platforms' top-line growth rate. Meta Platforms will also be more exposed to any slowdowns in the online advertising industry, and it's behind in the AI race. Meta Platforms just came out with Muse Spark -- its first major AI model -- in an attempt to regain some ground on Google and OpenAI. ChatGPT was released in November 2022, while Google Gemini was released in February 2024. Meta Platforms will have an uphill battle to diversify its business beyond online ads, while Alphabet has already done so. Meta Platforms can provide more near-term success for shareholders, while Alphabet has stronger fundamentals if you look 10 years out. Before you buy stock in Meta Platforms , consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Meta Platforms wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $556,335 !* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,160,572 !* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor ’s total average return is 975 % — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193 % for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor , and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026. Marc Guberti has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet and Meta Platforms. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas . What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue › *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends *Returns as of April 15, 2026. **$149 for 2 years is a promotional price for new members only. Renews at current list price of $199 after 2nd year.
