Title: Nvidia's Stock Is Up Over 1,100% Since 2023, And It Just Might Be Getting Started

Date: 2026-04-15 03:50

URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/nvidias-stock-is-up-over-1100-since-2023-and-it-ju/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Nvidia has been the poster child for AI investing. 2023 marked the unofficial start of the artificial intelligence (AI) boom, and was also a turning point for Nvidia ( NVDA +3.75% ) . Since then, the stock is up over 1,100%, but I don't think Nvidia is close to being done. The reality is, there is still a ton more AI spending to come, and many projections point toward 2030 as a year when AI spending may slow down. That leaves a ton of time for Nvidia's stock to continue rising. Nvidia could still have major upside, especially after considering how cheap the stock looks and its expected growth. Image source: The Motley Fool. Nvidia makes graphics processing units (GPUs) and the products that support their usage. GPUs were originally designed for processing gaming graphics, a notoriously difficult workload. Eventually, GPUs were deployed in other scenarios like engineering simulations, drug discovery, and cryptocurrency mining -- basically anything that required extreme computing usage. Their largest use case yet is AI, and we've yet to see peak demand. Nvidia believes that global data center capital expenditures could rise to $3 trillion to $4 trillion by 2030. That's huge growth in a short time frame, and Nvidia will be one of the primary companies capitalizing on this growing market. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. During its past quarter, Nvidia delivered jaw-dropping 73% growth. But it's just getting started. Wall Street projects that Nvidia's revenue will grow 79% in Q1 and 85% in Q2. It's hard to imagine the world's largest company's growth accelerating to that level after several years of strong growth, but that's the reality we find ourselves in. Despite these strong growth projections, Nvidia's stock doesn't trade for a premium valuation. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. NVDA PE Ratio (Forward) data by YCharts At first glance, 38 times trailing earnings seems expensive, and it is. However, when this year's growth is factored in, that metric becomes 22 times forward earnings. This basically indicates that the market is only willing to price in one year of growth at a time, despite investors being told by multiple companies that this trend will last for several more years. That long-term outlook is the individual investors' secret weapon, as we can afford to take a longer-term view on the stock market. If Nvidia can continue putting up strong results after 2026, then today's stock price is an absolute bargain. I think all signs point that way, which is why Nvidia stock is one of my largest holdings. Before you buy stock in Nvidia , consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Nvidia wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $556,335 !* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,160,572 !* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor ’s total average return is 975 % — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193 % for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor , and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026. Keithen Drury has positions in Nvidia. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nvidia. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons . What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue › *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends *Returns as of April 15, 2026. **$149 for 2 years is a promotional price for new members only. Renews at current list price of $199 after 2nd year.
