Title: Top Analyst Reports for Alphabet, Meta Platforms & Shell

Date: 2026-04-14 20:59

URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/top-analyst-reports-alphabet-meta-205900560.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict Tuesday, April 14, 2026 The Zacks Research Daily presents the best research output of our analyst team. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL), Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) and Shell plc (SHEL). These research reports have been hand-picked from the roughly 70 reports published by our analyst team today. You can see all of today’s research reports here >>> Ahead of Wall Street The daily 'Ahead of Wall Street' article is a must-read for all investors who would like to be ready for that day's trading action. The article comes out before the market opens, attempting to make sense of that morning's economic releases and how they will affect that day's market action. You can read this article for free on our home page and can actually sign up there to get an email notification as this article comes out each morning. You can read today's AWS here >>> PPI Wholesale Inflation Highest in 3 Years Today's Featured Research Reports Alphabet’s shares have outperformed the Zacks Internet - Services industry over the past year (+106.3% vs. +93.8%). The company is benefiting from accelerated growth across AI infrastructure, Google Cloud, and Search. Google Cloud ended the fourth quarter of 2025 with $240 billion in backlog, up 55% sequentially. GOOGL has more than 325 million paid subscriptions across consumer services with strong adoption for Google One and YouTube Premium. Gemini app now has over 750 million monthly active users and the company sold more than 8 million paid seats of Gemini enterprise in Q4. Search is benefiting from AI Overviews and AI Mode that has driven growth in overall queries. Launching personal intelligence in AI Mode in search and the Gemini app bodes well for Alphabet’s prospects. YouTube is benefiting from the growing demand for shorts. However, stiff competition in cloud computing has been concerning. (You can read the full research report on Alphabet here >>> ) Shares of Meta Platforms have outperformed the Zacks Internet - Software industry over the past year (+22.1% vs. +1.1%). The company is benefiting from increasing AI-infusion across its services which currently reach more than 3.58 billion people daily. META’s improved recommendation system is driving up user engagement. Instagram Reels had a strong fourth-quarter, with watch time up more than 30% year-over-year in the United States. Facebook video time continued to grow double-digits year-over-year in the United States. Recommendation improvement drove 20% lift in time spent on Threads. AI usage is making META a popular name among advertisers. Meta Platforms now expects to invest significantly more over the next few years in developing more advanced models and the largest AI services in the world. However, monetization of these AI services will take considerable time, which is a concern. Increasing regulatory challenges is a headwind for investors. (You can read the full research report on Meta Platforms here >>> ) Shell’s shares have gained +53.4% over the past year against the Zacks Oil and Gas - Integrated - International industry’s gain of +61.8%. The company being a London based oil supermajor, looks fairly balanced at the moment. Shell demonstrated resilient cash generation in 2025, delivering robust operating and free cash flows, supporting shareholder returns. Its LNG franchise remains a long-term strength, with solid sales growth and clear demand visibility. Structural cost reductions achieved ahead of schedule and portfolio simplification have improved efficiency and balance-sheet flexibility. However, earnings and revenue declined year over year, highlighting exposure to commodity price cycles. Net debt increased, while Chemicals and Renewables continue to weigh on returns amid weak margins. Potential LNG oversupply and geopolitical volatility add uncertainty. Overall, strengths are offset by cyclical and segment-specific risks, justifying a neutral stance. (You can read the full research report on Shell here >>> ) Other noteworthy reports we are featuring today include Arista Networks, Inc. (ANET), Ecolab Inc. (ECL) and Block, Inc. (XYZ). Mark Vickery Senior Editor Note: Sheraz Mian heads the Zacks Equity Research department and is a well-regarded expert of aggregate earnings. He is frequently quoted in the print and electronic media and publishes the weekly Earnings Trends and Earnings Preview reports. If you want an email notification each time Sheraz publishes a new article, please click here>>> Today's Must Read Alphabet's (GOOGL) Prospects Rides on Cloud and Search Initiatives Expanding AI Usage Drives Meta Platforms' (META) Prospects Shell (SHEL) Buoyed by Strong Structural Cost Savings Featured Reports Ecolab R and D Product Strengths Aid Growth Amid Market Challenges Per the Zacks Analyst, Ecolab's solid product suite and R and D focus support its long-term growth, though competition, cost swings and macro uncertainties pose challenges. New Product Launches Aid Textron (TXT) Amid Labor Shortage Per the Zacks analyst, Textron is innovating products to capture more shares in the diverse markets it serves. Yet labor shortage result in delays and likely impact operating results. Reinsurance Group (RGA) Rides on Solid In-force Business Per the Zacks analyst, Reinsurance Group is set to gain from better pricing and expanding business in the pension risk transfer market. Solid in-force business ensures predictable long-term earnings. BJ's Wholesale Club (BJ) Gains on Membership, Omnichannel Per the Zacks analyst, BJ's Wholesale Club is benefiting from membership growth, strong renewals, higher-tier mix and omnichannel gains, which should continue lifting fee income in fiscal 2026. Solid Spec Strategy Aids Meritage Homes (MTH), Macro Woes Ail Per the Zacks analyst, Meritage Homes benefits from its solid spec strategy. However, ongoing affordability concerns in the housing market and elevated mortgage rates remain a concern. Kodiak Sciences' Pipeline Advances, No Marketed Drug Remains a Concern Per the Zacks Analyst, Kodiak is progressing in eye disease therapies with promising retinal treatments, but lack of a marketed drug continues to weigh on its near-term outlook and revenue visibility. EMEA Strength to Drive Under Armour's (UAA) Global Growth Per the Zacks analyst, Under Armour's strong revenue gains in EMEA and solid momentum in Latin America highlight strong demand across channels, supporting its multi-year international growth strategy. New Upgrades Arista (ANET) Rides on Solid Traction in AI Data Center Vertical Per the Zacks analyst, growing demand for datacenter and campus Gigabit Ethernet switches in AI data centers is expected to boost Arista's top line. Solid growth in cash flow is a positive. Strong Square, Cash App Businesses and Partnerships Aid Block (XYZ) Per the Zacks Analyst, Block is likely to gain from strong Square and Cash App businesses' user engagement, expansion of partner base and integration of new technologies and solutions. ZTO Express (ZTO) Benefits From Increase in Parcel Volumes The Zacks analyst is impressed with the fact that increase in parcel volumes aids ZTO Express' express delivery services unit. New Downgrades High Debt Load and Economic Uncertainty Hurt Lyft's (LYFT) Prospects The Zacks analyst is worried about the company's elevated debt load. Tariff tensions and other geopolitical woes add to the list of concerns. Elevated Costs, Housing Pressure Hurt Rocket's (RKT) Bottom Line Per the Zacks analyst, Rocket will face pressure from rising costs, integration risk and weak housing demand, as high rates, low inventory and affordability issues constrain originations, and profits. Weak Segment Performance and Elevated Costs Ail TriMas (TRS) The Zacks analyst is concerned that persistent declines in Specialty Products segment, moderating growth in the Packaging segment as well as higher input costs will weigh on TriMas' results. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Ecolab Inc. (ECL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Arista Networks, Inc. (ANET) : Free Stock Analysis Report Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) : Free Stock Analysis Report Shell PLC Unsponsored ADR (SHEL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Block, Inc. (XYZ) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
