Title: Has Intel's Rally Gone Too Far, or Is the Momentum Just Beginning?

Date: 2026-04-14 23:54

URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/intels-rally-gone-too-far-235400893.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq gained ahead of Trump's deadline for an Iran deal US stocks open muted, oil dips as Wall Street eyes push for Iran truce talks JPMorgan CEO flags Iran war-fueled inflation, private credit, and AI-linked job losses as risks to the economy 'Wouldn't be shocked' if bull market continues: Wall Street aims to look past Iran conflict Soaring nearly 70% this year, Intel INTC ) stock has been on a tear thanks to a wave of positive catalysts, including AI-related partnerships, major outside investments, improving earnings, and renewed confidence in its foundry strategy. Trading near its highest levels since 2021, Intel stock has continued a remarkable turnaround after years of structural, competitive, and financial setbacks. While Nvidia’s NVDA ) GPU dominance was anticipated, Intel also fell behind rivals like AMD AMD ) and Taiwan Semiconductor TSM ) in both chip design and manufacturing technology. Eyeing a return to prominence, Intel stock has now soared more than 200% in the last year, hitting a new 52-week and multi-year high of $65 a share this week. This certainly makes it a worthy topic of whether the rally in INTC has gone too far or if the momentum is just beginning. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Adding fuel to the latest rally is that Intel recently announced a high-profile partnership with Elon Musk’s Terafab chip-making venture, which investors see as a major validation of Intel’s foundry ambitions. Terafab is Elon Musk’s ambitious plan to build a vertically integrated semiconductor mega facility capable of producing 1 terawatt of AI compute per year, an unprecedented scale . Last week, Intel announced that it would join Terafab as the primary foundry partner, providing the manufacturing technology needed to build AI chips. The major semiconductor initiative is led by Musk’s companies, Tesla TSLA ), SpaceX, and xAI. Forbes reported that Intel will contribute its 18A process node, advanced packaging, and high-volume manufacturing capabilities. Other reports have indicated that Intel is also in discussions with Amazon AMZN ) and Alphabet GOOGL ) about advanced chip-packaging services, another potential boost to its manufacturing business as it looks to regain market share from Taiwan Semiconductor. At the center of Intel’s turnaround has been investments from Nvidia, SoftBank SFTBY ), and the Trump administration. Nvidia has invested $5 billion in Intel, with SoftBank adding $2 billion, and the U.S. government took a 10% stake worth $8.9 billion, a rare and aggressive show of support for domestic chipmaking. These investments have signaled confidence in Intel’s turnaround strategy and strategic importance to the semiconductor industry, while alleviating the financial stress the company was previously facing. Just as advantageous for Intel is that it has formed a strategic partnership with Nvidia, representing one of the biggest realignments in the semiconductor industry in decades. The deep technical integration effectively merges Intel’s CPU (central processing unit) leadership with Nvidia’s GPU (graphics processing unit) leadership, while ending years of rivalry in which Nvidia had the upper hand. Notably, Intel is designing and building custom CPUs for Nvidia’s AI data-center platforms, with their collaboration extending to next-generation PCs as well. With confidence restored in Intel’s ability to fund its operations, it’s noteworthy that the company is now sitting on a multi-year peak in cash & equivalents at over $37 billion. Plus, Intel’s balance sheet includes $211.42 billion in total assets, which is nicely above its total liabilities of $85 billion. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research T he pinnacle of Intel’s turnaround came when it posted its first profit after six consecutive quarterly losses (GAAP basis) in Q3 2025 . Net income for Q3 2025 came in at $4.1 billion or adjusted EPS of $0.23, impressively beating Wall Street's expectations of $0.01. Intel reported a GAAP net loss of $600,000 in Q4 2025, although non-GAAP net income came in at $800,000 or $0.15 per share and ahead of EPS expectations of $0.08. Overall, Intel reported a net loss of $267,000 in 2025, or -$0.06 a share on a GAAP basis and $0.42 in regard to adjusted EPS (Non-GAAP). Furthermore, Intel is expected to post a GAAP profit this year, but this is heavily dependent on margin improvement and lower one-time charges, with the company set to report Q1 2026 results on Thursday, April 23 . Reassuringly, Intel’s top-line recovery has been supportive of its expected return to profitability, with annual sales projections moving further past $50 billion, although this is still well away from a peak of $79 billion in 2021. Intel’s surge has been driven by a mix of improving financial fundamentals, strategic positioning (AI and foundry), and macro tailwinds (policy support). Demand for data-center CPUs and AI-related chips continues to exceed supply, strengthening Intel’s near-term outlook. For now, Intel stock lands a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) after such an exhilarating rally that could likely continue if analysts start to readjust earnings estimates higher following the announcement of its collaboration with Terafab. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Intel Corporation (INTC) : Free Stock Analysis Report Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. (TSM) : Free Stock Analysis Report Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) : Free Stock Analysis Report SoftBank Group Corp. Unsponsored ADR (SFTBY) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio
