Title: Massive U.S. Data Center Delays and Cancellations Are Good for These 3 AI Stocks

Date: 2026-04-14 20:51

URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/massive-us-data-center-delays-and-cancellations-ar/?.tsrc=rss

Content:
More than half of U.S. data center builds have been delayed or canceled, making companies with existing artificial intelligence data centers more valuable. Companies are scrambling to build artificial intelligence (AI) data centers, with big tech leaders pouring hundreds of billions of dollars into the industry. Amazon recently said it would invest $25 billion into building data centers in Mississippi. Alphabet announced a $40 billion investment in Texas that will go toward building additional AI data centers. So money is flowing into the industry, but there is one giant problem: It's easy to start building an AI data center, but it's a lot harder to finish the job. Bloomberg reported that half of U.S. data center projects have been delayed or canceled due to supply shortages and reliance on Chinese imports for key components. While those issues are putting hurdles in the way of the AI buildout, they also make existing AI data centers more valuable. Companies that got a head start on constructing infrastructure also have compelling advantages. Those factors make these three AI stocks in particular worth watching. Image source: Getty Images. The more gigawatts of power a data center company can secure for its servers, the more valuable it becomes in the AI buildout phase. IREN ( IREN +9.83% ) has secured more than 4.5 gigawatts of renewable energy for its AI data centers after acquiring a 1.6-gigawatt site in Oklahoma. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. IREN has built multiple AI data centers and has secured energy for all of them. Energy is a major bottleneck, and it can take five years for renewable energy projects to make it through the grid interconnection queue. As the backlog grows, it will take even longer for many AI data centers to get access to the reliable energy they require. IREN currently has 810 megawatts of operating data centers. The company has also said that its Sweetwater 1 1.4-gigawatt site will be energized this month -- another operation that could attract contracts with tech giants . One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. The company also has $2.3 billion in annual recurring revenue contracted. The headline deal behind that backlog is the five-year, $9.7 billion agreement it signed with Microsoft last November for 200 megawatts of data center load. IREN commands more value per megawatt than most competitors because it buys Nvidia chips for its AI data centers. Other firms offer the physical infrastructure and invite clients to bring their own chips, which results in a lower value per megawatt. IREN recently bought an additional 50,000 Blackwell Ultra GPUs from Nvidia, bringing its total fleet to more than 150,000 GPUs. Moves like that only make sense if IREN anticipates more demand for its services. Cipher Mining ( CIFR +3.88% ) , which rebranded itself as Cipher Digital in February, has also secured enough energy for its AI data centers. However, its business model is for its customers to bring their own AI chips instead of buying its own. That gives it a lower-cost, lower-risk model than IREN's, but it results in less lucrative deals. Still, Cipher is doing well. The company closed 2025 with 3.4 gigawatts of site capacity and has already made good use of several of its projects. For instance, it inked a $5.5 billion, 15-year lease with Amazon for 300 megawatts. That's obviously less per megawatt than IREN's getting for its big Microsoft lease, but Cipher incurs lower costs for each deal. Cipher recently signed a 15-year deal with a so-far undisclosed hyperscaler tenant for an undisclosed amount of money and megawatts. It would be speculation to guess which hyperscaler it is, but the company already has signed deals with Amazon and Alphabet. And the fact that Cipher is experiencing robust demand demonstrates its competitive edge in the industry. Nebius ( NBIS +4.72% ) follows the IREN playbook of buying Nvidia chips and commanding higher rates per megawatt. However, Nebius also offers a full software stack for AI training and inference, while IREN lets tech companies run their own software on IREN's infrastructure, similar to how Cipher Digital lets customers bring their own chips. The company doesn't have as many gigawatts worth of data centers in operation, and expects to exceed 3 gigawatts of contracted power by the end of 2026. However, it also expects up to $9 billion in annual recurring revenue by that time. Nebius has won contracts with many tech companies, including a recent $27 billion deal with Meta Platforms across five years. It's split into a $12 billion deal for current infrastructure and another $15 billion deal that will ramp up as Nvidia's Vera Rubin platform becomes available. The total megawatts to be supplied in that deal were not disclosed. Nebius also has stakes in several high-growth AI firms, including robotaxi service Avride and open-source database ClickHouse, which had a $15 billion valuation after its January funding round. Those businesses can provide additional gains for long-term Nebius shareholders. Before you buy stock in Iren , consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Iren wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $556,335 !* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,160,572 !* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor ’s total average return is 975 % — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 193 % for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor , and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 15, 2026. Marc Guberti has positions in Cipher Mining and Iren. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Amazon, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons . What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue › *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool . All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io . About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends *Returns as of April 15, 2026. **$149 for 2 years is a promotional price for new members only. Renews at current list price of $199 after 2nd year.
